you
the reason for us they was visiting
freedom caravans up in Stafford they're
the importer for one of Europe's least
expensive caravans the Polish built
freedom they're small this part and I
really rather like them I think these
little freedom caravans are actually
amazing they're built in glass
reinforced plastic GRP that built in
Poland and they're built obviously to
match a specific market segment it's low
priced it's mostly to birth although you
can get a full birth because the little
freedom Caravan is essentially built of
three parts that the the overall molding
that covers the front back and top and
the two side moldings and because these
moldings are actually joined together
and bonded together with glass fiber you
don't get the issues on the joints that
you can get with conventionally built
caravans it does mean that the awning
rail where most leaks come from at the
early stages of a caravan going off is
not an issue anymore with these caravans
this awning rail is fitted on top of a
bonded section of glass fiber there is
no gap under the awning rail that can
then develop a leak so that's got to
make it a more waterproof box in which
to live
inside this little Caravan you've got
more or less everything you need you've
got a loo you've got a comfortable
Dannette you've got a two-ring cooker
you've got a sink you've got a fridge so
in reality what more do you need a
shower well most modern campsites have
got a shower block this little freedom
is on the road for you with everything
that's in it including a heater or
fridge the loo around six thousand one
hundred and that includes a fitted motor
mover to be honest with you if you've
got reasonably good muscles with little
caravan Martinus you don't really need
the motor mover so you could say have an
awning instead all that even give you a
grand off so you could actually buy it
for just over five thousand pounds
that's an amazing deal if you want a to
berth Caravan that's got virtually
everything any other Caravan has got but
just in a smaller package
and this is about the cheapest caravan
that you can buy here at freedom the
price that you see there five thousand
three hundred and seventy five quid
includes a motor mover so if you don't
want the motor mover not a thousand
pounds off and you're talking about four
thousand four hundred pounds and you're
driving away now that's a bargain
there's no loo there is a fridge there
is a cooker there is a sink there's no
toilet or shower compartment on this
model but there are actually three beds
two stacks a room right at the top of
the freedom range you've got this little
Jetstream tremor it's the same size box
as the other caravans do you've got more
in the box so you've got a loo
compartment with a shower you've got
trimmer blown heating you've got two
single beds that of course convert into
a large double you've got an awning
included in the package you've got nicer
wheels you've got virtually everything
you need for a very luxurious stay and
it's still less than nine thousand
pounds and that includes the motive over
again if you don't want the motor mover
knock your brand off that's stunning
money on the deal like this
you
Oh